[Music]
Very good my dearest lovers of the
heart pay attention because a
new saga of what we could call the
poisoned inheritance 2 is coming and it is that a
conflict in the Ortega Cano family
things begin to come to light and
little things and details begin to be known
that could be the trigger for
this whole battle and all this bad vibes
that they have family before explaining
in detail what has happened with
Ortega Cano's house and with his inheritance
why there is this conflict and the reasons why I
am going to ask you please to
subscribe it is completely free and
also to give your opinion
in the comments box because I am
very interested I am going to explain
everything to you in detail okay it turns out that
Ortega Cano has made a move that
seems very intelligent to me someone must
have advised him well and it is that he has put
the marital address or in other words the lifelong house of
Ortega Cano where
today he lives with his wife Anna Maria el
Don and with the son he has with her he
has put it in the name of Gloria Camila
This literally translates to the fact that it is
a property of Gloria Camila. What does
this mean? This means that
the day that the Ortega Cano's,
if something happens to her or she dies, that property belongs to
Gloria Camila, therefore, that
property does not change, it is not distributed to
Anna Maria's son, the don corresponds to him,
the same as the other two children, whatever
his father leaves him, the legitimate or
whatever or whatever is worth, but the thing is that
house is not distributed because that house belongs to
Gloria Camila, it is not that
Gloria Camila's house, the house right now belongs to
Gloria Camila, yes, it is as they have said, if she
changed the name, she has donated the
house to Gloria Camila, therefore,
Gloria Camila will do with that house,
vulgarly speaking, whatever comes to mind
or the dirty trick, not in readings and in
Sálvame, they are selling this as the
dirty trick, not the betrayal that he has
done to her in Maria, not for not consulting, they know
how well the bullfighter has done this without
consulting Anna Maria because because he does
not trust her and because they are not well
if you are a married couple that  ok he
had these movements you tell
your wife because in the end you with your
properties do what you think
but the thing is that they are not they are not well these
people are not together nor do they have a
married life or anything like that for a long
time ok josé ortega cano
has made this movement because if he
dies and that house that would correspond to him
if he remains married to him Ana María to her
her part no although they are separated in
assets in assets in assets or however they are
married which I believe they are in
community property or separation of assets I do not
know the truth but the thing is that anyway she is already
staying to live because her
son lives there and even if the house had to be
divided between the three
children obviously they are not going to be left
on the street and they can stay and prolong
the life of another until he reads 2 to
independently finds a job or
finishes his studies or whatever they will
still stay there for 20 more years do you
understand so what has
the bullfighter done with this move make sure that it
is Gloria Camila who is in charge of
the distributions okay trust Gloria
Camila she is her right hand in the person she
is her person of  trust in life
gloria camila in which she never fails
her father and knows perfectly well that
dolores camila is not going to deceive her
brothers gloria camila is not going to keep
the house the day her father leaves because
surely what she will do is sell it
keep her part jose fernando and
save his part for her brother for
when he comes of age that is what
gloria camila will do however if everything
stays in the name of the bullfighter then
each one will get what corresponds
but of course these people can stay to
live there because the child right now is
younger than what he has right now like I
don't know if he is 19 11 years old or something like that he does
not earn yet what he has left in that
house you understand me he does not trust ortega cano
when I have made this move it is not
a dirty move it is that he has seen things that is why he does
not trust this woman he
understands me but that does not mean that the
son is not going to receive what is his because the
sálvame is being sold as it is not that
anamaría the don is worried about her
son for the person she has do not
worry that her son will receive  yours what
happens is that no, that
your son is going to keep it, it is understood and Anamaria, well,
nothing is making headlines about
Gloria Camila, she was not happy that
we had another child, not as if
implying that Gloria Camila did not want them to
have another child because then the
inheritance is divided as if there is one
more piece of the pie, not going as if not
Gloria Camila's daughter, the best thing is that she is not
happy about you, okay, said more clearly,
family, what do you think? It seems like a
good strategy, do I agree? Yes,
okay, I'll tell you, yes, I agree
with what the bullfighter has done, a
huge hug and see you in the next video
[Music]